So we've removed the aitch bone,
and now our last bone to come on
is going to be the femur bone.
So I look for the separation between
the muscles because I'm really all about
preserving the integrity of the muscles
for utilization in our next steps.
So what I'm looking for
is the seam between the sirloin tip
or the knuckle and the inside round,
so that seam exists right here.
And wouldn't you know it
just so happens to coincide with the femur
bone being directly under it,
so it becomes kind of a fairly easy cut,
but you certainly want to be looking
for that seam and we'll look for it
when we make the cut.
So where I took the hawk off,
I'm going to just be using my knife
on the left side of that to begin
with being a right handed person.
So I'm just going to come down
just deep enough
that I'm on the other side of that joint
where we took off the hawk.
I don't want to be so deep
that I'm going to be affecting
the muscles that are underneath of it,
and I don't want to be so shallow
that I skip over the bone
and cut all the way
through the sirloin tip.
two things I don't want to do, so I'll
just be kind of aware of those two things.
And when I'm looking for again,
is the seam between the muscles.
And we can find that seam exists right
here.
We'll see a vein in here and a little bit
of the silver skin in this section here.
So now having pulled that muscle back, I'm
just going to continue to pull that inside
round just a little bit further.
So I just use that pistol grip again
and I reverse grip
and I'm just going to seam my inside
round.
Just back, just a little bit,
we'll get into actually pulling the muscle
all the way out in just a second,
so it's just kind of out of the equation.
I won't be damaging this muscle.
So what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to turn it around now
and I'm going to be removing the sirloin
tip now from the bone.
So when I come in with a reverse grip,
what I'm aiming for
is to minimize the amount of meat
that's on the bone.
So I'm just going to use my knife
to make sure I hit
in the same area that I removed the inside
round with my first cut.
So I'll just kind of angle
my knife in such a fashion
that there's no meat on the bone
and I can just use the tip of my knife
to come around.
What I'm doing is opening up the meat
around the femur bone like a book.
For lack of a better term.
So I'm just going to come in now
and I need to remove around
the head of the femur bone.
There's just a little bit of meat here,
so I'll just come across like so
cut the bone away from the meat.
So I've got the femur bone out,
one last bone to come out,
which is going to be the patella,
the kneecap here, and I can literally
just run my knife around it.
And remove the kneecap as well.